Update markdown files (#30)
uyuni-project/terracumber: EXAMPLE.md

# Examples

> These examples will assume you will be using libvirt, and a `main.tf` file `examples/main.tf-jenkins` that will launch an Uyuni environment, the Uyuni test suite and emulate mails as sent for reports served from Jenkins.

Reviewer: There is two times `will` next to each other, maybe something like that?:
```suggestion
These examples assume that you will be using libvirt package and a `main.tf` file based on `examples/main.tf-jenkins` that will launch a Uyuni environment. The Uyuni test suite, and emulate emails as sent for reports served from Jenkins.
```

```bash
sed -i -e 's/default = "juliogonzalez@localhost"/default = "YOUREMAIL"/' examples/main.tf-jenkins.mycopy
```

Export SCC credentials:

```bash
export TF_VAR_SCC_USER=<ID>
export TF_VAR_SCC_PASSWORD=<PASSWORD>
```

Export a variable `BUILD_TIMESTAMP` to be used by all the steps (when running on Jenkins this is not needed and `BUILD_NUMBER` provided by Jenkins can be used automatically):

```bash
export BUILD_TIMESTAMP=$(date '+%Y-%m-%d-%H-%M-%S')
```

Create a folder for the outputs (not required if ìt already exists):

```bash
mkdir /tmp/sumaform_outputs
```

Clone or update the repository with the terraform code (sumaform in our case):

```bash
./terracumber-cli --tf examples/main.tf-jenkins.mycopy --outputdir /tmp/sumaform_outputs --gitrepo https://github.com/uyuni-project/sumaform.git --gitfolder /tmp/sumaform --gitref master --runstep gitsync
```

Create the terraform environment:

```bash
./terracumber-cli --tf examples/main.tf-jenkins.mycopy --outputdir /tmp/sumaform_outputs --logfile /tmp/sumaform/sumaform.log  --gitfolder /tmp/sumaform --init --runstep provision
```

> Run an Uyuni test suite step (iterate for more steps if needed):

Reviewer: In which cases do I need to iterate for more steps? I know what you mean, but I would like at least to get some redirection here to the specific location in the repository.
